programming:A programmer is one who types code into the computer and gives the computer instructions to do
civil engineering: a civil engineer is one who builds the cities and structures .They are involved with construction of roads ,houses,bridges etc
mechanical engineering: MECHANICAL ENGINEERING is the branch of engineering  that deals with the design and analysis of heat and mechanical power for the operation of machines and mechanical systems like industrial mechanical engineering. .
computer engineer: COMPUTER ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering that deals with the design and control of computing devices with the application of electrical systems..
thermal engineering: Concerns heating or cooling of processes, equipment, or enclosed environments.
nuclear: one who builds bombs.
petroleum: one who deals in fuels.As fuels Run the world
chemical engineering: CHEMICAL ENGINEERING  is the application of  chemical and physical sciences to the process of converting raw materials into more valuable form.
industrial engineering: IDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING  is a branch of engineering that deals with logistical and resource management systems.
aerospace engineering: AEROSPACE ENGINEERING is an engineering that deals with the design and implementation of systems such as aircraft,spacecraft and ground control systems and often categorized with vehicle engineering.
optical engineering: OPTICAL ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering the design of instruments and systems that utilize the properties of electromagnetic radiation.
acoustical engineering: ACOUSTICAL ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering that Concerns the manipulation and control of vibration, especially vibration isolation and the reduction of unwanted sounds.
vehicle engineering: VEHICLE ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering that deals with  design, manufacture and operation of the systems and equipment that propel and control vehicles .It is also called AUTOMBILE.
automobile:  AUTOMOBILE  is a branch of engineering that deals with  design, manufacture and operation of the systems and equipment that propel and control vehicles.
military engineering: MILITARY ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering that is involved with Military weapons and vehicles, such as artillery and tanks."
mechatronics engineering: MECHATRONICS  is a branch of engineering that deals with both mechanical and electrical engineering hybrid.
mechatronics: MECHATRONICS  is a branch of engineering that deals with both mechanical and electrical engineering hybrid.
applied engineering: APPLIED ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering that is involved with Systems integration, manufacturing and management.
agricultural engineering: AGRICULTURAL ENGINEERING  is a branch of engineering that is involved with Farm power and machinery, biological material processes, bioenergy, farm structures and agricultural natural resources."
water resource engineering: it deals Prediction, planning, development and management of water resources.
manufacturing engineering: MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering Concerns dealing with different manufacturing practices and the research and development of systems, processes, machines, tools and equipment."
electrical engineering: ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING  is a branch of engineering comprises the study and application of electricity, electronics and electromagnetism.
electricity:  ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING  is a branch of engineering comprises the study and application of electricity, electronics and electromagnetis
transport engineering: TRANSPORT ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering involved with  the use of engineering to ensure safe and efficient transportation of people and goods.
geotechnical Engineering: GEOTECHNICAL ENGINEERING  is a field of engineering involved with  the behavior of earth materials at the site of a civil engineering project.
environmental engineering: ENVIROMENTAL ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering concerned with the application of engineering to the improvement and protection of the environment.
molecular engineering: MOLECULAR ENGINEERING is a field of engineering that  focuses on the manufacturing of molecules for the use of the other engineering field.
material engineering: MATERIAL ENGINEERING or MATERIAL SCIENCE is a branch of engineering  involved with the  properties of matter (material) and its applications to engineering.
biomolecular engineering: BIOMOLECULAR ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering and biology that focuses on the manufacturing of biomolecules.
biomedical engineering: BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING is a field of  medicine and healthcare biology, biocompatible prostheses, diagnostic and therapeutic devices ranging from clinical equipment to micro-implants, imaging equipment such as MRIs and EEGs, tissue regeneration and pharmaceuticals. The increased utilization of nanotechnology across the existing areas of this branch has lead the specialization.
energy engineering: ENERGY ENGINEERING is a branch of engineering involved in Energy efficiency, energy services, facility management, plant engineering, environmental compliance and energy production. Energy efficiency of buildings and manufacturing processes, employing advances in lighting, insulation and heating/cooling properties.
electronic engineering: ELECTRONIC ENGINEERING is a field of engineering involved in the creation of physical devices and abstract methods that make it possible to conduct electricity, magnetism and light, through low power electrical circuits deemed electronic circuits as well as through communication channels, in such a manner so as to make it possible to control, that is to actuate, on other external entities that can be mechanical, electrical, chemical and even biological in nature, even to the point of automation and thus achieving a manipulation over those natural phenomena so as to concede to them an specific form so that they abstractly represent something, in a processing action that is called program and therefore they become abstract signals of information, which can be subject of further processing and even end-user presentation in what is known as computing.
electronics: Electronic Engineering is a branch of engineering dealing with  the creation of physical devices and abstract methods that make it possible to conduct electricity, magnetism and light, through low power electrical circuits deemed electronic circuits as well as through communication channels, in such a manner so as to make it possible to control, that is to actuate, on other external entities that can be mechanical, electrical, chemical and even biological in nature, even to the point of automation and thus achieving a manipulation over those natural phenomena so as to concede to them an specific form so that they abstractly represent something, in a processing action that is called program and therefore they become abstract signals of information, which can be subject of further processing and even end-user presentation in what is known as computing.
mining engineering: MINING is a field of engineering involved with the process of mineral extraction some amount of waste material and other byproducts are generated which are the primary source of pollution in the vicinity of mines. Mining activities by their nature cause a disturbance of the natural environment in and around which the minerals are located. Mining engineers must therefore be concerned not only with the production and processing of mineral commodities, but also with the mitigation of damage to the environment both during and after mining as a result of the change in the mining area.
mining : MINING is a field of engineering involved with the process of mineral extraction some amount of waste material and other byproducts are generated which are the primary source of pollution in the vicinity of mines. Mining activities by their nature cause a disturbance of the natural environment in and around which the minerals are located. Mining engineers must therefore be concerned not only with the production and processing of mineral commodities, but also with the mitigation of damage to the environment both during and after mining as a result of the change in the mining area.
sport engineering: Is a field of engineering that involves the design, development and testing of sport equipment. The equipment used by athletes has always gone through technological design and development based on current knowledge and understanding.
thermal engineering: Concerns heating or cooling of processes, equipment, or enclosed environments.
structural engineering: STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING is the engineering of structures that support or resist structural loads.  An engineering discipline that involves the science,  technology and practice of extracting and processing minerals from a naturally occurring environment.  Mining engineering is closely related to many other disciplines like mineral processing and metallurgy, geotechnical engineering and surveying. A mining engineer manages all phases of mining operations  from exploration and discovery of the mineral resource, through feasibility studies, mine design, development of plans, production and operations, to mine closure.
system engineering: SYSTEMS ENGINEERING is an interdisciplinary field of engineering that focuses on how to design and manage complex engineering projects over their life cycles. Issues, such as reliability, logistics and coordination of different teams, evaluation measurement and other disciplines become more difficult when dealing with large or complex projects.
software engineering: SOFTWARE ENGINEERING is the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation and maintenance of software and the study of these approaches; that is, the application of engineering and computer science to software
